[Docs] Add a document about setting interval (#959)
open-mmlab/mmengine: docs/en/common_usage/set_interval.md

> # Setting the Frequency of Logging, Weight Saving, and Validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Setting the Frequency of Logging, Checkpoint Saving, and Validation
```

MMEngine supports two training modes, `EpochBased` based on epochs and `IterBased` based on the number of iterations. Both of these modes are used in downstream algorithm libraries such as [MMDetection](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmdetection), which uses the `EpochBased` mode by default, and [MMSegmentation](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmsegmentation), which uses the `IterBased` mode by default.

> Under different training modes, the semantics of the interval in MMEngine will be different. The interval in `EpochBased` mode is based on epochs, while that in `IterBased` mode is based on iterations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In different training modes, the semantics of the interval in MMEngine will be different. In EpochBased mode, the interval is in terms of epochs, while in IterBased mode, the interval is in terms of iterations.
```

## Setting the Interval for Training and Validation

To customize the interval for training and validation, set the `val_interval` parameter in the initialization parameter `train_cfg` of [Runner](mmengine.runner.Runner).

- EpochBased

In `EpochBased` mode, the default value of `val_interval` is 1, which means to validate once after training an epoch.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
```

runner = Runner(
    model=MMResNet50(),
    work_dir='./work_dir',
    train_dataloader=train_dataloader,
    optim_wrapper=dict(optimizer=dict(type=SGD, lr=0.001, momentum=0.9)),
    train_cfg=dict(by_epoch=True, max_epochs=5, val_interval=1),
    val_dataloader=val_dataloader,
    val_cfg=dict(),
    val_evaluator=dict(type=Accuracy),
)
runner.train()
```

- IterBased

In `IterBased` mode, the default value of `val_interval` is 1000, which means to validate once after training 1000 iterations.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
```

runner = Runner(
    model=MMResNet50(),
    work_dir='./work_dir',
    train_dataloader=train_dataloader,
    optim_wrapper=dict(optimizer=dict(type=SGD, lr=0.001, momentum=0.9)),
    train_cfg=dict(by_epoch=False, max_iters=10000, val_interval=2000),
    val_dataloader=val_dataloader,
    val_cfg=dict(),
    val_evaluator=dict(type=Accuracy),
)
runner.train()
```

> ## Setting the Interval for Saving Weights

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setting the Interval for Saving Checkpoints
```

> To customize the interval for saving weights, set the `interval` parameter of [CheckpointHook](mmengine.hooks.CheckpointHook).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize the interval for saving checkpoints, set the `interval` parameter of [CheckpointHook](mmengine.hooks.CheckpointHook).
```

- EpochBased

> In `EpochBased` mode, the default value of `interval` is 1, which means saving weights once after training for one epoch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `EpochBased` mode, the default value of `interval` is 1, which means saving checkpoints once after training for one epoch.
```

> ```
> # Set interval to 2, which means to save weights once every 2 epochs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
# Set the interval to 2, which means to save checkpoints every 2 epochs
```

default_hooks = dict(checkpoint=dict(type='CheckpointHook', interval=2))
runner = Runner(
    model=MMResNet50(),
    work_dir='./work_dir',
    train_dataloader=train_dataloader,
    optim_wrapper=dict(optimizer=dict(type=SGD, lr=0.001, momentum=0.9)),
    train_cfg=dict(by_epoch=True, max_epochs=5, val_interval=1),
    val_dataloader=val_dataloader,
    val_cfg=dict(),
    val_evaluator=dict(type=Accuracy),
    default_hooks=default_hooks,
)
runner.train()
```

- IterBased

> By default, weights are saved in units of epochs. If you want to save weights in units of iterations, you need to set `by_epoch=False`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, checkpoints are saved in terms of epochs. If you want to save checkpoints in terms of iterations, you need to set `by_epoch=False`.
```

> ```
> # Set by_epoch=False and interval=500, which means to save weights once every 500 iterations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
# set by_epoch=False and interval=500, which means to save checkpoints every 500 iterations
```

default_hooks = dict(checkpoint=dict(type='CheckpointHook', by_epoch=False, interval=500))
runner = Runner(
    model=MMResNet50(),
    work_dir='./work_dir',
    train_dataloader=train_dataloader,
    optim_wrapper=dict(optimizer=dict(type=SGD, lr=0.001, momentum=0.9)),
    train_cfg=dict(by_epoch=False, max_iters=10000, val_interval=1000),
    val_dataloader=val_dataloader,
    val_cfg=dict(),
    val_evaluator=dict(type=Accuracy),
    default_hooks=default_hooks,
)
runner.train()
```

For more information on how to use `CheckpointHook`, please refer to the [CheckpointHook tutorial](../tutorials/hook.md#checkpointhook).

> ## Setting the interval for printing logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setting the Interval for Printing Logs
```

By default, logs are printed to the terminal once every 10 iterations. You can set the interval using the `interval` parameter of the [LoggerHook](mmengine.hooks.LoggerHook).

> ```
> pythonCopy code# Print logs every 20 iterations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
# print logs every 20 iterations
```
